ROXWOOD ADDITION
The Roxwood map expansion is now in-game! This map expansion is right above Paleto Bay, and features a brand new city that is for strict roleplay only. Only those with the Certified Civilian Tier 2 rank will have the ability to spawn there. Those without this rank must drive, but are encouraged to do strict roleplay. 
If you're looking to experience strict roleplay in PSRP, Roxwood is the place for it. This map is updated weekly by it's creator, so expect for it to get larger in the weeks to come!

AUTOMATIC ANIMATION SUGGESTIONS
Based on your surroundings, the server will automatically recommend an animation you can perform. If you're standing near a wall, ledge, or near the engine of a car, simply press - to activate the animation automatically. The suggestion will change based on your surroundings such as a car doing burnouts or if you're at the strip club.

DRUG LABS
We have added back both the meth lab and weed factory near Blaine County & Los Santos. Both of these can be found on the map and feature secret escape tunnels.

CASINO
For the first time ever, PSRP now features a working casino! This casino is very similar to the GTA online version, but features a custom interior, drinking script at the bar, working elevator for penthouses, and much more! You have chips that you can bet that act as the currently inside the casino. 

DRINKING SCRIPT
A functional drinking script is now located at the casino bar! This drinking script has realistic effects such as passing out, puking, drunk driving, and more! This is only located at the casino for now, and will be added into other areas in the future.

REVAMPED POLICE STATIONS
All police stations in-game have been revamped! These new stations are now lighter on your game, feature realistic interiors, and more. Now, the Mission Row, Grapeseed, and Paleto stations allow civilians to walk inside the lobby to speak to officers/make reports. The lobbies were previously locked, but you can now enter and speak to officers.

SANDY SHORES REVAMP
Sandy is typically filled with trolls, so we've decided to revamp it and bring new interiors! Now, there is a burger shot, clinic center, bank, law office, liquor store, & motel exterior revamp! Now, you're able to roleplay in different locations, encouraging in-depth roleplay to cut down on the trolls.

SEWER TUNNELS
A sewer network is now in-game near grove! There are currently 2 blip markers where you can enter the sewer that leads into a central network with a massive interior! This area is great if you're looking to explore and create scenes underground.

Misc Improvements
Our trailer scripts have been updated to perform better and have less bugs.

